---
page_title: "snowflake_storage_integrations Data Source - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Data source used to get details of filtered storage integrations. Filtering is aligned with the current possibilities for SHOW STORAGE INTEGRATIONS https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/show-integrations query (only like is supported). The results of SHOW and DESCRIBE are encapsulated in one output collection storage_integrations.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_storage_integrations (Data Source)

Data source used to get details of filtered storage integrations. Filtering is aligned with the current possibilities for [SHOW STORAGE INTEGRATIONS](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/show-integrations) query (only `like` is supported). The results of SHOW and DESCRIBE are encapsulated in one output collection `storage_integrations`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "snowflake_storage_integrations" "current" {
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `like` (String) Filters the output with **case-insensitive** pattern, with support for SQL wildcard characters (`%` and `_`).
- `with_describe` (Boolean) (Default: `true`) Runs DESC STORAGE INTEGRATION for each storage integration returned by SHOW STORAGE INTEGRATIONS. The output of describe is saved to the description field. By default this value is set to true.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `storage_integrations` (List of Object) Holds the aggregated output of all storage integrations details queries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_integrations))

<a id="nestedatt--storage_integrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_integrations`

Read-Only:

- `describe_output` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--storage_integrations--describe_output))
- `show_output` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--storage_integrations--show_output))

<a id="nestedobjatt--storage_integrations--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_integrations.describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_locations` (List of String)
- `blocked_locations` (List of String)
- `comment` (String)
- `consent_url` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `external_id` (String)
- `iam_user_arn` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `multi_tenant_app_name` (String)
- `object_acl` (String)
- `provider` (String)
- `role_arn` (String)
- `service_account` (String)
- `tenant_id` (String)
- `use_privatelink_endpoint` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedobjatt--storage_integrations--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_integrations.show_output`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `storage_type` (String)
