---
page_title: "snowflake_system_get_privatelink_config Data Source - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_system_get_privatelink_config (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "snowflake_system_get_privatelink_config" "snowflake_private_link" {}

resource "aws_security_group" "snowflake_private_link" {
  vpc_id = var.vpc_id

  ingress {
    from_port   = 80
    to_port     = 80
    cidr_blocks = var.vpc_cidr
    protocol    = "tcp"
  }

  ingress {
    from_port   = 443
    to_port     = 443
    cidr_blocks = var.vpc_cidr
    protocol    = "tcp"
  }
}

resource "aws_vpc_endpoint" "snowflake_private_link" {
  vpc_id              = var.vpc_id
  service_name        = data.snowflake_system_get_privatelink_config.snowflake_private_link.aws_vpce_id
  vpc_endpoint_type   = "Interface"
  security_group_ids  = [aws_security_group.snowflake_private_link.id]
  subnet_ids          = var.subnet_ids
  private_dns_enabled = false
}

resource "aws_route53_zone" "snowflake_private_link" {
  name = "privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com"

  vpc {
    vpc_id = var.vpc_id
  }
}

resource "aws_route53_record" "snowflake_private_link_url" {
  zone_id = aws_route53_zone.snowflake_private_link.zone_id
  name    = data.snowflake_system_get_privatelink_config.snowflake_private_link.account_url
  type    = "CNAME"
  ttl     = "300"
  records = [aws_vpc_endpoint.snowflake_private_link.dns_entry[0]["dns_name"]]
}

resource "aws_route53_record" "snowflake_private_link_ocsp_url" {
  zone_id = aws_route53_zone.snowflake_private_link.zone_id
  name    = data.snowflake_system_get_privatelink_config.snowflake_private_link.ocsp_url
  type    = "CNAME"
  ttl     = "300"
  records = [aws_vpc_endpoint.snowflake_private_link.dns_entry[0]["dns_name"]]
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `account_name` (String) The name of your Snowflake account.
- `account_url` (String) The URL to connect to your Snowflake account using AWS PrivateLink, Azure Private Link, or Google Cloud Private Service Connect.
- `app_service_privatelink_url` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL used to route traffic to Snowflake-hosted app services, such as Streamlit or Notebooks.
- `aws_vpce_id` (String) The AWS VPCE ID for your account.
- `azure_pls_id` (String) The Microsoft Azure Private Link Service ID for your account identifier in the format of an alias.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `internal_stage` (String) The endpoint to connect to your Snowflake internal stage using AWS PrivateLink or Azure Private Link.
- `ocsp_url` (String) The OCSP URL corresponding to your Snowflake account identifier.
- `privatelink_account_principal` (String) The AWS principal ARN to allow for outbound private connections to your VPC endpoint services.
- `privatelink_connection_ocsp_urls` (String) The list of OCSP URLs for use with redirecting client connections when using client redirect.
- `privatelink_connection_urls` (String) The private connectivity connection URLs for your account when using client redirect.
- `privatelink_dashed_urls_for_duo` (String) The list of dashed variant URLs for Duo Multi-Factor Authentication, shown only when the hostname contains an underscore.
- `privatelink_gcp_service_attachment` (String) The endpoint for the Snowflake service when using Google Cloud Private Service Connect.
- `privatelink_snowflake_managed_storage_volume_fs` (String) The endpoint for failsafe Snowflake-managed storage volumes when using Azure Private Link.
- `privatelink_snowflake_managed_storage_volume_nfs` (String) The endpoint for non-failsafe Snowflake-managed storage volumes when using Azure Private Link.
- `regionless_account_url` (String) The regionless URL to connect to your Snowflake account using AWS PrivateLink, Azure Private Link, or Google Cloud Private Service Connect.
- `regionless_privatelink_ocsp_url` (String) The regionless OCSP URL to connect to Snowflake OCSP using private connectivity.
- `regionless_snowsight_url` (String) The URL for your organization to access Snowsight using Private Connectivity to the Snowflake Service.
- `snowsight_url` (String) The URL containing the cloud region to access Snowsight and the Snowflake Marketplace using Private Connectivity to the Snowflake Service.
