---
page_title: "snowflake_trust_center_scanner_packages Data Source - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Data source for listing Trust Center scanner packages. For more information, see Trust Center https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/trust-center.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_trust_center_scanner_packages (Data Source)

Data source for listing Trust Center scanner packages. For more information, see [Trust Center](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/trust-center).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "snowflake_trust_center_scanner_packages" "all" {}

data "snowflake_trust_center_scanner_packages" "security" {
  like = "SECURITY%"
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `like` (String) Filters the output with **case-insensitive** pattern, with support for SQL wildcard characters (`%` and `_`).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `scanner_packages` (List of Object) Holds the aggregated output of all scanner package queries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scanner_packages))

<a id="nestedatt--scanner_packages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scanner_packages`

Read-Only:

- `show_output` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scanner_packages--show_output))

<a id="nestedobjatt--scanner_packages--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scanner_packages.show_output`

Read-Only:

- `default_schedule` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `last_disabled_timestamp` (String)
- `last_enabled_timestamp` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `notification` (String)
- `provider_name` (String)
- `schedule` (String)
- `state` (String)
