---
page_title: "snowflake_api_integration_git_repository_private_link Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage API integration for git HTTPS API via a private link endpoint. For more information, check api integration documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-api-integration.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_api_integration_git_repository_private_link (Resource)

Resource used to manage API integration for git HTTPS API via a private link endpoint. For more information, check [api integration documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-api-integration).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
# basic resource - no authentication secrets (none allowed)
resource "snowflake_api_integration_git_repository_private_link" "basic" {
  name                               = "git_repository_private_link_integration"
  use_privatelink_endpoint           = true
  no_allowed_authentication_secrets  = true
  api_allowed_prefixes               = ["https://github.example.internal/my-org/"]
  enabled                            = true
}

# with specific allowed secrets
resource "snowflake_api_integration_git_repository_private_link" "with_secrets" {
  name                            = "git_repository_private_link_integration_secrets"
  use_privatelink_endpoint        = true
  allowed_authentication_secrets  = ["my_db.my_schema.my_secret"]
  api_allowed_prefixes            = ["https://github.example.internal/my-org/"]
  enabled                         = true
}

# complete resource - all secrets allowed, with TLS certificates
resource "snowflake_api_integration_git_repository_private_link" "complete" {
  name                              = "git_repository_private_link_integration_complete"
  use_privatelink_endpoint          = true
  all_allowed_authentication_secrets = true
  tls_trusted_certificates          = ["my_db.my_schema.my_cert_secret"]
  api_allowed_prefixes              = ["https://github.example.internal/my-org/"]
  api_blocked_prefixes              = ["https://github.example.internal/my-org/private-repo/"]
  enabled                           = true
  comment                           = "Example Git Repository Private Link integration"
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_allowed_prefixes` (List of String) Explicitly limits external functions that use the integration to reference one or more HTTPS proxy service and remote service endpoints and resources.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether this API integration is enabled or disabled.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier (i.e. name) for the integration. This value must be unique in your account. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `use_privatelink_endpoint` (Boolean) Specifies whether to use the private link endpoint for the git repository. When set to true, Snowflake uses the VNet-injected endpoint for the git repository.

### Optional

- `all_allowed_authentication_secrets` (Boolean) When set to true, all authentication secrets are allowed to be used when authenticating to the git repository. Conflicts with `no_allowed_authentication_secrets` and `allowed_authentication_secrets`. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `allowed_authentication_secrets` (Set of String) A list of fully-qualified secret identifiers (database.schema.secret) allowed to be used when authenticating to the git repository. Conflicts with `all_allowed_authentication_secrets` and `no_allowed_authentication_secrets`. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `api_blocked_prefixes` (List of String) Lists the endpoints and resources in the HTTPS proxy service that are not allowed to be called from Snowflake.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the integration.
- `no_allowed_authentication_secrets` (Boolean) When set to true, no authentication secrets are allowed to be used when authenticating to the git repository. Conflicts with `all_allowed_authentication_secrets` and `allowed_authentication_secrets`. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `tls_trusted_certificates` (List of String) Specifies secrets containing self-signed certificates to be used when authenticating with a Git repository server over private link. Only needed when the certificate is self-signed rather than signed by a certificate authority. Each entry must be a fully-qualified name of a Snowflake secret of type generic string whose value is Base64-encoded certificate data.

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE API INTEGRATION` for the given integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW API INTEGRATIONS` for the given integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_authentication_secrets` (String)
- `allowed_prefixes` (List of String)
- `api_provider` (String)
- `blocked_prefixes` (List of String)
- `comment` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `tls_trusted_certificates` (List of String)
- `use_privatelink_endpoint` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `api_type` (String)
- `category` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_api_integration_git_repository_private_link.example '"<name>"'
```
