---
page_title: "snowflake_api_integration_azure_api_management Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage API integration Azure API Management objects. For more information, check api integration documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-api-integration.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_api_integration_azure_api_management (Resource)

Resource used to manage API integration Azure API Management objects. For more information, check [api integration documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-api-integration).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
# basic resource
resource "snowflake_api_integration_azure_api_management" "basic" {
  name                    = "azure_api_management_integration"
  azure_tenant_id         = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  azure_ad_application_id = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
  api_allowed_prefixes    = ["https://apim-hello-world.azure-api.net/"]
  enabled                 = true
}

# complete resource
resource "snowflake_api_integration_azure_api_management" "complete" {
  name                    = "azure_api_management_integration_complete"
  azure_tenant_id         = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  azure_ad_application_id = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
  api_allowed_prefixes    = ["https://apim-hello-world.azure-api.net/"]
  api_blocked_prefixes    = ["https://apim-hello-world.azure-api.net/blocked/"]
  api_key                 = "my-api-key"
  enabled                 = true
  comment                 = "Example Azure API Management integration"
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_allowed_prefixes` (List of String) Explicitly limits external functions that use the integration to reference one or more HTTPS proxy service and remote service endpoints and resources.
- `azure_ad_application_id` (String) The 'Application (client) ID' of the Azure AD app for your Azure API Management instance.
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) Specifies the ID for your Office 365 tenant that all Azure API Management instances belong to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether this API integration is enabled or disabled.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier (i.e. name) for the integration. This value must be unique in your account. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `api_blocked_prefixes` (List of String) Lists the endpoints and resources in the HTTPS proxy service that are not allowed to be called from Snowflake.
- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the API key (secret) that Snowflake uses to authenticate when making calls to the proxy service. Snowflake returns a masked value for this field in DESCRIBE output, so external changes to it cannot be detected. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the integration.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE API INTEGRATION` for the given integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW API INTEGRATIONS` for the given integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_prefixes` (List of String)
- `api_key` (String)
- `api_provider` (String)
- `azure_ad_application_id` (String)
- `azure_consent_url` (String)
- `azure_multi_tenant_app_name` (String)
- `azure_tenant_id` (String)
- `blocked_prefixes` (List of String)
- `comment` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `api_type` (String)
- `category` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_api_integration_azure_api_management.example '"<name>"'
```
