---
page_title: "snowflake_catalog_integration Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage catalog integration objects. For more information, check catalog integration documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-catalog-integration.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

-> **Note** The `catalog_source` and `table_format` fields are marked as `ForceNew`, meaning that changing these values will force Terraform to destroy and recreate the integration. This is because Snowflake does not support altering these properties on an existing catalog integration.

# snowflake_catalog_integration (Resource)

Resource used to manage catalog integration objects. For more information, check [catalog integration documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-catalog-integration).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
# Basic example with OBJECT_STORE catalog source
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration" "object_store" {
  name           = "my_object_store_catalog_integration"
  catalog_source = "OBJECT_STORE"
  table_format   = "ICEBERG"
  enabled        = true
}

# Complete example with OBJECT_STORE and optional fields
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration" "object_store_complete" {
  name              = "my_object_store_catalog_integration"
  catalog_source    = "OBJECT_STORE"
  table_format      = "ICEBERG"
  enabled           = true
  comment           = "Catalog integration for Iceberg tables with object store"
  catalog_namespace = "my_namespace"
}

# Example with AWS Glue catalog source
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration" "glue" {
  name              = "my_glue_catalog_integration"
  catalog_source    = "GLUE"
  table_format      = "ICEBERG"
  enabled           = true
  glue_aws_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/SnowflakeGlueRole"
  glue_catalog_id   = "123456789012"
  glue_region       = "us-west-2"
  comment           = "Catalog integration for AWS Glue Data Catalog"
}

# Example with DELTA table format
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration" "delta" {
  name           = "my_delta_catalog_integration"
  catalog_source = "OBJECT_STORE"
  table_format   = "DELTA"
  enabled        = true
  comment        = "Catalog integration for Delta Lake tables"
}

# Example with disabled integration
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration" "disabled" {
  name           = "my_disabled_catalog_integration"
  catalog_source = "OBJECT_STORE"
  table_format   = "ICEBERG"
  enabled        = false
  comment        = "Disabled catalog integration"
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `catalog_source` (String) Specifies the catalog source for the integration. Valid values are: OBJECT_STORE, GLUE, ICEBERG_REST, POLARIS, SAP_BDC.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether this catalog integration is enabled.
- `name` (String) String that specifies the identifier (i.e. name) for the integration; must be unique in your account. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `table_format` (String) Specifies the table format. Valid values are: ICEBERG, DELTA.

### Optional

- `catalog_namespace` (String) Specifies the catalog namespace. Used with certain catalog sources.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the catalog integration.
- `glue_aws_role_arn` (String) Specifies the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS identity and access management (IAM) role for AWS Glue catalog. Required when catalog_source is GLUE.
- `glue_catalog_id` (String) Specifies the AWS Glue Data Catalog ID. Required when catalog_source is GLUE.
- `glue_region` (String) Specifies the AWS region where the Glue catalog is located.
- `rest_auth_bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the bearer token for REST authentication.
- `rest_auth_oauth_allowed_scopes` (List of String) Specifies the OAuth allowed scopes for REST authentication.
- `rest_auth_oauth_client_id` (String) Specifies the OAuth client ID for REST authentication.
- `rest_auth_oauth_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the OAuth client secret for REST authentication.
- `rest_auth_oauth_token_uri` (String) Specifies the OAuth token URI for REST authentication.
- `rest_auth_sigv4_external_id` (String) Specifies the SIGv4 external ID for REST authentication.
- `rest_auth_sigv4_iam_role` (String) Specifies the SIGv4 IAM role for REST authentication.
- `rest_auth_sigv4_signing_region` (String) Specifies the SIGv4 signing region for REST authentication.
- `rest_auth_type` (String) Specifies the authentication type for REST-based catalog sources. Required when catalog_source is ICEBERG_REST or POLARIS.
- `rest_config_access_delegation_mode` (String) Specifies the access delegation mode for REST-based catalog sources.
- `rest_config_catalog_api_type` (String) Specifies the catalog API type for REST-based catalog sources.
- `rest_config_catalog_name` (String) Specifies the catalog name for REST-based catalog sources.
- `rest_config_catalog_uri` (String) Specifies the catalog URI for REST-based catalog sources. Required when catalog_source is ICEBERG_REST, POLARIS, or SAP_BDC.
- `rest_config_prefix` (String) Specifies the prefix for REST-based catalog sources.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE CATALOG INTEGRATION` for the given catalog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW CATALOG INTEGRATIONS` for the given catalog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `property_default` (String)
- `property_name` (String)
- `property_type` (String)
- `property_value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_catalog_integration.example '"<catalog_integration_name>"'
```
