---
page_title: "snowflake_catalog_integration_aws_glue Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage AWS Glue catalog integration objects. For more information, check catalog integration documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-catalog-integration-glue.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_catalog_integration_aws_glue (Resource)

Resource used to manage AWS Glue catalog integration objects. For more information, check [catalog integration documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-catalog-integration-glue).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
# basic resource
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration_aws_glue" "basic" {
  name              = "example"
  enabled           = false
  glue_aws_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/testRole"
  glue_catalog_id   = "123456789012"
}

# complete resource
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration_aws_glue" "complete" {
  name                     = "example_complete"
  enabled                  = true
  refresh_interval_seconds = 60
  comment                  = "Lorem ipsum"
  glue_aws_role_arn        = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/testRole"
  glue_catalog_id          = "123456789012"
  glue_region              = "us-east-1"
  catalog_namespace        = "myNamespace"
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the catalog integration is available for use for Iceberg tables. `true` allows users to create new Iceberg tables that reference this integration. Existing Iceberg tables that reference this integration function normally. `false` prevents users from creating new Iceberg tables that reference this integration. Existing Iceberg tables that reference this integration cannot access the catalog in the table definition.
- `glue_aws_role_arn` (String) Specifies the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role to assume.
- `glue_catalog_id` (String) Specifies the ID of your AWS account.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier (i.e. name) of the catalog integration; must be unique in your account.

### Optional

- `catalog_namespace` (String) Specifies the default AWS Glue Data Catalog namespace for all Iceberg tables that you associate with the catalog integration.
- `comment` (String) (Default: ``) Specifies a comment for the catalog integration.
- `glue_region` (String) Specifies the AWS region of your AWS Glue Data Catalog. You must specify a value for this attribute if your Snowflake account is not hosted on AWS. Otherwise, the default region is the Snowflake deployment region for the account.
- `refresh_interval_seconds` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the number of seconds to wait between attempts to poll the external Iceberg catalog for metadata updates for automated refresh.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE CATALOG INTEGRATION` for the given catalog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW CATALOG INTEGRATIONS` for the given catalog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `catalog_namespace` (String)
- `catalog_source` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `glue_aws_role_arn` (String)
- `glue_catalog_id` (String)
- `glue_region` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `refresh_interval_seconds` (Number)
- `table_format` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_catalog_integration_aws_glue.example '"<name>"'
```
