---
page_title: "snowflake_catalog_integration_iceberg_rest Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage catalog integration objects for Apache Iceberg™ tables managed in a remote catalog that complies with the open source Apache Iceberg™ REST OpenAPI specification. For more information, check catalog integration documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-catalog-integration-rest.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_catalog_integration_iceberg_rest (Resource)

Resource used to manage catalog integration objects for Apache Iceberg™ tables managed in a remote catalog that complies with the open source Apache Iceberg™ REST OpenAPI specification. For more information, check [catalog integration documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-catalog-integration-rest).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
# Basic + OAuth
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration_iceberg_rest" "oauth_basic" {
  name    = "example_iceberg_rest_oauth"
  enabled = false

  rest_config {
    catalog_uri = "https://your-iceberg-rest.example.com"
  }

  oauth_rest_authentication {
    oauth_client_id      = "your_oauth_client_id"
    oauth_client_secret  = "your_oauth_client_secret"
    oauth_allowed_scopes = ["PRINCIPAL_ROLE:ALL"]
  }
}

# Complete + OAuth
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration_iceberg_rest" "oauth_complete" {
  name                     = "example_iceberg_rest_oauth_complete"
  enabled                  = true
  refresh_interval_seconds = 60
  comment                  = "Lorem ipsum"
  catalog_namespace        = "my_namespace"

  rest_config {
    catalog_uri            = "https://your-iceberg-rest.example.com"
    prefix                 = "/api/v1"
    catalog_name           = "my_catalog"
    catalog_api_type       = "PUBLIC"
    access_delegation_mode = "EXTERNAL_VOLUME_CREDENTIALS"
  }

  oauth_rest_authentication {
    oauth_token_uri      = "https://idp.example.com/oauth/token"
    oauth_client_id      = "your_oauth_client_id"
    oauth_client_secret  = "your_oauth_client_secret"
    oauth_allowed_scopes = ["PRINCIPAL_ROLE:ALL"]
  }
}

# Bearer token
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration_iceberg_rest" "bearer" {
  name    = "example_iceberg_rest_bearer"
  enabled = false

  rest_config {
    catalog_uri = "https://your-iceberg-rest.example.com"
  }

  bearer_rest_authentication {
    bearer_token = "your_static_bearer_token"
  }
}

# SigV4
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration_iceberg_rest" "sigv4" {
  name    = "example_iceberg_rest_sigv4"
  enabled = false

  rest_config {
    catalog_uri = "https://your-iceberg-rest.example.com"
  }

  sigv4_rest_authentication {
    sigv4_iam_role       = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/YourRole"
    sigv4_signing_region = "us-east-1"
    sigv4_external_id    = "optional-external-id"
  }
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the catalog integration is available for use for Iceberg tables. `true` allows users to create new Iceberg tables that reference this integration. Existing Iceberg tables that reference this integration function normally. `false` prevents users from creating new Iceberg tables that reference this integration. Existing Iceberg tables that reference this integration cannot access the catalog in the table definition.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier (i.e. name) of the catalog integration; must be unique in your account.
- `rest_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specifies information about REST configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rest_config))

### Optional

- `bearer_rest_authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies a bearer token as the authentication type for Snowflake to use to connect to the Iceberg REST catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bearer_rest_authentication))
- `catalog_namespace` (String) Specifies the default namespace for all Iceberg tables that you associate with the catalog integration.
- `comment` (String) (Default: ``) Specifies a comment for the catalog integration.
- `oauth_rest_authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies OAuth as the authentication type for Snowflake to use to connect to the Iceberg REST catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oauth_rest_authentication))
- `refresh_interval_seconds` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds to wait between attempts to poll the external Iceberg catalog for metadata updates for automated refresh. For Delta-based tables, specifies the number of seconds to wait between attempts to poll your external cloud storage for new metadata.
- `sigv4_rest_authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies Signature Version 4 as the authentication type for Snowflake to use to connect to the Iceberg REST catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sigv4_rest_authentication))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE CATALOG INTEGRATION` for the given catalog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW CATALOG INTEGRATIONS` for the given catalog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--rest_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rest_config`

Required:

- `catalog_uri` (String) Specifies the endpoint URL for the catalog REST API.

Optional:

- `access_delegation_mode` (String) Specifies the access delegation mode for accessing Iceberg table files in your external cloud storage. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `VENDED_CREDENTIALS` | `EXTERNAL_VOLUME_CREDENTIALS`.
- `catalog_api_type` (String) Specifies the connection type for the catalog API. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `PUBLIC` | `PRIVATE` | `AWS_API_GATEWAY` | `AWS_PRIVATE_API_GATEWAY` | `AWS_GLUE` | `AWS_PRIVATE_GLUE`.
- `catalog_name` (String) Specifies the catalog or identifier to request from your remote catalog service.
- `prefix` (String) Specifies an optional prefix appended to all API routes.


<a id="nestedblock--bearer_rest_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bearer_rest_authentication`

Required:

- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) The bearer token for the identity provider. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".


<a id="nestedblock--oauth_rest_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth_rest_authentication`

Required:

- `oauth_allowed_scopes` (List of String) Specifies one or more scopes for the OAuth token.
- `oauth_client_id` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the client ID of the OAuth2 credential.
- `oauth_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the secret of the OAuth2 credential. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".

Optional:

- `oauth_token_uri` (String) Specifies URL for the third-party identity provider. If not specified, Snowflake assumes the remote catalog provider is the identity provider.


<a id="nestedblock--sigv4_rest_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sigv4_rest_authentication`

Required:

- `sigv4_iam_role` (String) Specifies the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for an IAM role that has permission to access your REST API in API Gateway.

Optional:

- `sigv4_external_id` (String) Specifies an external ID that Snowflake uses to establish a trust relationship with AWS. If you don’t specify this parameter, Snowflake automatically generates a unique external ID when you create a catalog integration. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `sigv4_signing_region` (String) Specifies the AWS Region associated with your API in API Gateway. If you don’t specify this parameter, Snowflake uses the region in which your Snowflake account is deployed.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `bearer_rest_authentication` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--describe_output--bearer_rest_authentication))
- `catalog_namespace` (String)
- `catalog_source` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `id` (String)
- `oauth_rest_authentication` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--describe_output--oauth_rest_authentication))
- `refresh_interval_seconds` (Number)
- `rest_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--describe_output--rest_config))
- `sigv4_rest_authentication` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--describe_output--sigv4_rest_authentication))
- `table_format` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--describe_output--bearer_rest_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output.bearer_rest_authentication`

Read-Only:



<a id="nestedobjatt--describe_output--oauth_rest_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output.oauth_rest_authentication`

Read-Only:

- `oauth_allowed_scopes` (List of String)
- `oauth_client_id` (String)
- `oauth_token_uri` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--describe_output--rest_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output.rest_config`

Read-Only:

- `access_delegation_mode` (String)
- `catalog_api_type` (String)
- `catalog_name` (String)
- `catalog_uri` (String)
- `prefix` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--describe_output--sigv4_rest_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output.sigv4_rest_authentication`

Read-Only:

- `sigv4_iam_role` (String)
- `sigv4_signing_region` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_catalog_integration_iceberg_rest.example '"<name>"'
```
