---
page_title: "snowflake_catalog_integration_open_catalog Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage catalog integration objects for Apache Iceberg™ tables that integrate with Snowflake Open Catalog. For more information, check catalog integration documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-catalog-integration-open-catalog.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_catalog_integration_open_catalog (Resource)

Resource used to manage catalog integration objects for Apache Iceberg™ tables that integrate with Snowflake Open Catalog. For more information, check [catalog integration documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-catalog-integration-open-catalog).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
# basic resource
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration_open_catalog" "basic" {
  name    = "example_open_catalog"
  enabled = false

  rest_config {
    catalog_uri  = "https://your-org.snowflakecomputing.com/polaris/api/catalog"
    catalog_name = "my_catalog"
  }

  rest_authentication {
    oauth_client_id      = "your_oauth_client_id"
    oauth_client_secret  = "your_oauth_client_secret"
    oauth_allowed_scopes = ["PRINCIPAL_ROLE:ALL"]
  }
}

# complete resource
resource "snowflake_catalog_integration_open_catalog" "complete" {
  name                     = "example_open_catalog_complete"
  enabled                  = true
  refresh_interval_seconds = 60
  comment                  = "Lorem ipsum"
  catalog_namespace        = "my_namespace"

  rest_config {
    catalog_uri            = "https://your-org.snowflakecomputing.com/polaris/api/catalog"
    catalog_name           = "my_catalog"
    catalog_api_type       = "PUBLIC"
    access_delegation_mode = "EXTERNAL_VOLUME_CREDENTIALS"
  }

  rest_authentication {
    oauth_token_uri      = "https://your-org.snowflakecomputing.com/polaris/api/catalog/v1/oauth/tokens"
    oauth_client_id      = "your_oauth_client_id"
    oauth_client_secret  = "your_oauth_client_secret"
    oauth_allowed_scopes = ["PRINCIPAL_ROLE:ALL"]
  }
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the catalog integration is available for use for Iceberg tables. `true` allows users to create new Iceberg tables that reference this integration. Existing Iceberg tables that reference this integration function normally. `false` prevents users from creating new Iceberg tables that reference this integration. Existing Iceberg tables that reference this integration cannot access the catalog in the table definition.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier (i.e. name) of the catalog integration; must be unique in your account.
- `rest_authentication` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specifies authentication details that Snowflake uses to connect to Open Catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rest_authentication))
- `rest_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specifies information about the Open Catalog account and catalog name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rest_config))

### Optional

- `catalog_namespace` (String) Specifies the default Open Catalog namespace for all Iceberg tables that you associate with the catalog integration.
- `comment` (String) (Default: ``) Specifies a comment for the catalog integration.
- `refresh_interval_seconds` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds to wait between attempts to poll the external Iceberg catalog for metadata updates for automated refresh. For Delta-based tables, specifies the number of seconds to wait between attempts to poll your external cloud storage for new metadata.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE CATALOG INTEGRATION` for the given catalog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW CATALOG INTEGRATIONS` for the given catalog integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--rest_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rest_authentication`

Required:

- `oauth_allowed_scopes` (List of String) Specifies one or more scopes for the OAuth token.
- `oauth_client_id` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the client ID of the OAuth2 credential associated with your Open Catalog service connection.
- `oauth_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the secret of the OAuth2 credential associated with your Open Catalog service connection. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".

Optional:

- `oauth_token_uri` (String) Specifies URL for the third-party identity provider. If not specified, Snowflake assumes the remote catalog provider is the identity provider.


<a id="nestedblock--rest_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rest_config`

Required:

- `catalog_name` (String) Specifies the name of the catalog to use in Open Catalog.
- `catalog_uri` (String) Specifies Open Catalog account URL.

Optional:

- `access_delegation_mode` (String) Specifies the access delegation mode for accessing Iceberg table files in your external cloud storage. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `VENDED_CREDENTIALS` | `EXTERNAL_VOLUME_CREDENTIALS`.
- `catalog_api_type` (String) Specifies how Snowflake connects to Open Catalog. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `PUBLIC` | `PRIVATE` | `AWS_API_GATEWAY` | `AWS_PRIVATE_API_GATEWAY` | `AWS_GLUE` | `AWS_PRIVATE_GLUE`.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `catalog_namespace` (String)
- `catalog_source` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `id` (String)
- `refresh_interval_seconds` (Number)
- `rest_authentication` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--describe_output--rest_authentication))
- `rest_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--describe_output--rest_config))
- `table_format` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--describe_output--rest_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output.rest_authentication`

Read-Only:

- `oauth_allowed_scopes` (List of String)
- `oauth_client_id` (String)
- `oauth_token_uri` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--describe_output--rest_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output.rest_config`

Read-Only:

- `access_delegation_mode` (String)
- `catalog_api_type` (String)
- `catalog_name` (String)
- `catalog_uri` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_catalog_integration_open_catalog.basic '"<name>"'
```
