---
page_title: "snowflake_file_format_xml Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage XML file formats. For more information, check file format documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-file-format.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

~> **Note** A file format cannot be dropped successfully if it has dependent external tables. Before dropping the resource, first drop the dependent external tables manually.

# snowflake_file_format_xml (Resource)

Resource used to manage XML file formats. For more information, check [file format documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-file-format).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
## Minimal
resource "snowflake_file_format_xml" "basic" {
  database = "database_name"
  schema   = "schema_name"
  name     = "file_format_name"
}

## Complete (with every optional set)
resource "snowflake_file_format_xml" "complete" {
  database = "database_name"
  schema   = "schema_name"
  name     = "file_format_name"

  compression                = "GZIP"
  preserve_space             = "true"
  strip_outer_element        = "true"
  disable_snowflake_data     = "false"
  disable_auto_convert       = "false"
  replace_invalid_characters = "false"
  ignore_utf8_errors         = "false"
  skip_byte_order_mark       = "true"
  comment                    = "My XML file format"
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the file format. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the file format; must be unique for the database and schema in which the file format is created. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the file format. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the file format.
- `compression` (String) Specifies the compression format. Valid values: `AUTO` | `GZIP` | `BZ2` | `BROTLI` | `ZSTD` | `DEFLATE` | `RAW_DEFLATE` | `NONE`.
- `disable_auto_convert` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Boolean that specifies whether the XML parser disables automatic conversion of numeric and Boolean values from text to native representation. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `disable_snowflake_data` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Boolean that specifies whether the XML parser disables recognition of Snowflake semi-structured data tags. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `ignore_utf8_errors` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Boolean that specifies whether UTF-8 encoding errors produce error conditions. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `preserve_space` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Boolean that specifies whether the XML parser preserves leading and trailing spaces in element content. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `replace_invalid_characters` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Boolean that specifies whether to replace invalid UTF-8 characters with the Unicode replacement character. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `skip_byte_order_mark` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Boolean that specifies whether to skip the BOM (byte order mark) if present in a data file. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `strip_outer_element` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Boolean that specifies whether the XML parser strips out the outer XML element, exposing 2nd level elements as separate documents. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE FILE FORMAT` for this file format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW FILE FORMATS` for this file format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of the file format. This field is used to detect when the file format type was changed outside of Terraform and to recreate the resource when that happens.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `compression` (String)
- `disable_auto_convert` (Boolean)
- `disable_snowflake_data` (Boolean)
- `id` (String)
- `ignore_utf8_errors` (Boolean)
- `preserve_space` (Boolean)
- `replace_invalid_characters` (Boolean)
- `skip_byte_order_mark` (Boolean)
- `strip_outer_element` (Boolean)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `format_options` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_file_format_xml.example '"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<file_format_name>"'
```
