---
page_title: "snowflake_image_repository Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Stable"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage image repositories. For more information, check image repositories documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-image-repository. Snowpark Container Services provides an OCIv2-compliant image registry service and a storage unit call repository to store images. See Working with an image registry and repository https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/snowpark-container-services/working-with-registry-repository developer guide for more details.
---

-> **Note** Quoted names for special characters or case-sensitive names are not supported. The same constraint also applies to database and schema names where you create an image repository. That is, database and schema names without quotes are valid when creating an image repository. This limitation in the provider follows the limitation in Snowflake (see [docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-image-repository)). Please use only characters compatible with [unquoted identifiers](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/identifiers-syntax#label-unquoted-identifier).

-> **Note** The `encryption` attribute can only be set at creation time and Snowflake default is used if omitted. Changing this value requires destroying and recreating the resource. When importing an existing image repository, the `encryption` field is not populated in state — only `show_output[0].encryption` reflects the actual value. To avoid a diff after import, either omit `encryption` from your configuration or set it explicitly to match the current Snowflake value.

# snowflake_image_repository (Resource)

Resource used to manage image repositories. For more information, check [image repositories documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-image-repository). Snowpark Container Services provides an OCIv2-compliant image registry service and a storage unit call repository to store images. See [Working with an image registry and repository](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/snowpark-container-services/working-with-registry-repository) developer guide for more details.

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
# basic resource
resource "snowflake_image_repository" "basic" {
  database = "DATABASE"
  schema   = "SCHEMA"
  name     = "BASIC"
}

# complete resource
resource "snowflake_image_repository" "complete" {
  database = "DATABASE"
  schema   = "SCHEMA"
  name     = "BASIC"
  comment  = "An example image repository"
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the image repository. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the image repository; must be unique for the schema in which the image repository is created. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the image repository. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the object.
- `encryption` (String) Specifies the encryption type for the image repository. Can only be set at creation time. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `SNOWFLAKE_FULL` | `SNOWFLAKE_SSE`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW IMAGE REPOSITORIES` for the given image repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `encryption` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `privatelink_repository_url` (String)
- `repository_url` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_image_repository.example '"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<image_repository_name>"'
```
