---
page_title: "snowflake_network_rule Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Stable"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Note** A network rule cannot be dropped successfully if it is currently assigned to a network policy. Currently, the provider does not unassign such objects automatically. Before dropping the resource, first unassign the network rule from the relevant objects. See [guide](../guides/unassigning_policies) for more details.

# snowflake_network_rule (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "snowflake_network_rule" "rule" {
  name       = "rule"
  database   = "EXAMPLE_DB"
  schema     = "EXAMPLE_SCHEMA"
  comment    = "A rule."
  type       = "IPV4"
  mode       = "INGRESS"
  value_list = ["192.168.0.100/24", "29.254.123.20"]
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the network rule.
- `mode` (String) Specifies what is restricted by the network rule, see https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-network-rule#required-parameters for details. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `INGRESS` | `INTERNAL_STAGE` | `EGRESS` | `POSTGRES_INGRESS` | `POSTGRES_EGRESS`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the network rule; must be unique for the database and schema in which the network rule is created.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the network rule.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of network identifiers being allowed or blocked. A network rule can have only one type. Allowed values are determined by the mode of the network rule; see https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-network-rule#required-parameters for details. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `IPV4` | `AWSVPCEID` | `AZURELINKID` | `GCPPSCID` | `HOST_PORT` | `PRIVATE_HOST_PORT`.
- `value_list` (Set of String) Specifies the network identifiers that will be allowed or blocked. Valid values in the list are determined by the type of network rule, see https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-network-rule#required-parameters for details.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the network rule.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE NETWORK RULE` for the given network rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW NETWORK RULES` for the given network rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `mode` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `value_list` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `entries_in_value_list` (Number)
- `mode` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_network_rule.example '"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<network_rule_name>"'
```
