---
page_title: "snowflake_notebook Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage notebooks. For more information, check notebooks documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-notebook.
---

-> **Note** Due to Snowflake limitations, external changes to `from` are not currently detected.

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_notebook (Resource)

Resource used to manage notebooks. For more information, check [notebooks documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-notebook).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
# basic resource
resource "snowflake_notebook" "basic" {
  database = "DATABASE"
  schema   = "SCHEMA"
  name     = "NOTEBOOK"
}

# complete resource
resource "snowflake_notebook" "complete" {
  name     = "NOTEBOOK"
  database = "DATABASE"
  schema   = "SCHEMA"
  from {
    stage = snowflake_stage.test.fully_qualified_name
    path  = "some/path"
  }
  main_file                       = "my_notebook.ipynb"
  query_warehouse                 = snowflake_warehouse.test.name
  idle_auto_shutdown_time_seconds = 2400
  warehouse                       = snowflake_warehouse.test.name
  comment                         = "Lorem ipsum"
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the notebook. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the notebook; must be unique for the schema in which the notebook is created. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the notebook. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the notebook.
- `from` (Block List) Specifies the location in a stage of an .ipynb file from which the notebook should be created. MAIN_FILE parameter a user-specified identifier for the notebook file name must also be set alongside it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--from))
- `idle_auto_shutdown_time_seconds` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds of idle time before the notebook is shut down automatically.
- `main_file` (String) Specifies a user-specified identifier for the notebook file name.
- `query_warehouse` (String) Specifies the warehouse where SQL queries in the notebook are run.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `warehouse` (String) Specifies the warehouse that runs the notebook kernel and python code.

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE NOTEBOOK` for the given notebook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW NOTEBOOKS` for the given notebook (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `from`

Required:

- `stage` (String) Identifier of the stage where the .ipynb file is located.

Optional:

- `path` (String) Location of the .ipynb file in the stage.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `code_warehouse` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `compute_pool` (String)
- `default_packages` (String)
- `default_version` (String)
- `default_version_alias` (String)
- `default_version_git_commit_hash` (String)
- `default_version_location_uri` (String)
- `default_version_name` (String)
- `default_version_source_location_uri` (String)
- `external_access_integrations` (String)
- `external_access_secrets` (String)
- `idle_auto_shutdown_time_seconds` (Number)
- `import_urls` (String)
- `last_version_alias` (String)
- `last_version_git_commit_hash` (String)
- `last_version_location_uri` (String)
- `last_version_name` (String)
- `last_version_source_location_uri` (String)
- `live_version_location_uri` (String)
- `main_file` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `query_warehouse` (String)
- `runtime_environment_version` (String)
- `runtime_name` (String)
- `title` (String)
- `url_id` (String)
- `user_packages` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `code_warehouse` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `query_warehouse` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `url_id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_notebook.example '"<db_name>"."<schema_name>"."<notebook_name>"'
```
