---
page_title: "snowflake_organization_account Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  The organization account resource allows you to create organization accounts. For more information, check organization account documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/organizations-manage-accounts.
---

-> **Note** This resource should be defined only once per Snowflake organization as you can only have one organization account within a given Snowflake organization.

-> **Note** Its purpose is only to create an organization account, it cannot perform updates or delete the organization account. To update the organization account after creation, use the `snowflake_current_organization_account` resource. To delete an organization accounts, contact Snowflake support.

# snowflake_organization_account (Resource)

The organization account resource allows you to create organization accounts. For more information, check [organization account documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/organizations-manage-accounts).

## Example Usage

```terraform
## Minimal
resource "snowflake_organization_account" "minimal" {
  name                 = "ACCOUNT_NAME"
  admin_name           = var.admin_name
  admin_password       = var.admin_password
  email                = var.email
  edition              = "ENTERPRISE"
  grace_period_in_days = 3
}

## Complete
resource "snowflake_organization_account" "complete" {
  name                 = "ACCOUNT_NAME"
  admin_name           = var.admin_name
  admin_rsa_public_key = var.admin_rsa_public_key
  first_name           = var.first_name
  last_name            = var.last_name
  email                = var.email
  edition              = "ENTERPRISE"
  region_group         = "PUBLIC"
  region               = "AWS_US_WEST_2"
  comment              = "some comment"
  grace_period_in_days = 3
}

variable "admin_name" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}

variable "email" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}

variable "admin_password" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}

variable "admin_rsa_public_key" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}

variable "first_name" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}

variable "last_name" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `admin_name` (String, Sensitive) Login name of the initial administrative user of the organization account. A new user is created in the new organization account with this name and password and granted the GLOBALORGADMIN role in the account. A login name can be any string consisting of letters, numbers, and underscores. Login names are always case-insensitive. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `edition` (String) Snowflake Edition of the organization account. See more about Snowflake Editions in the [official documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions). Valid options are: `ENTERPRISE` | `BUSINESS_CRITICAL` External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `email` (String, Sensitive) Email address of the initial administrative user of the organization account. This email address is used to send any notifications about the account. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier (i.e. name) for the organization account. It must be unique within an organization, regardless of which Snowflake Region the organization account is in and must start with an alphabetic character and cannot contain spaces or special characters except for underscores (_). Note that if the organization account name includes underscores, features that do not accept account names with underscores (e.g. Okta SSO or SCIM) can reference a version of the account name that substitutes hyphens (-) for the underscores. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".

### Optional

- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the initial administrative user of the organization account. Either admin_password or admin_rsa_public_key has to be specified. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `admin_rsa_public_key` (String) Assigns a public key to the initial administrative user of the organization account. Either admin_password or admin_rsa_public_key has to be specified. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the organization account. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `first_name` (String, Sensitive) First name of the initial administrative user of the organization account. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `last_name` (String, Sensitive) Last name of the initial administrative user of the organization account. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `must_change_password` (Boolean) Specifies whether the new user created to administer the organization account is forced to change their password upon first login into the account. External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `region` (String) [Snowflake Region ID](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier#region-ids) of the region where the organization account is created. If no value is provided, Snowflake creates the organization account in the same Snowflake Region as the current account (i.e. the account in which the CREATE ORGANIZATION ACCOUNT statement is executed.) External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".
- `region_group` (String) ID of the region group where the organization account is created. To retrieve the region group ID for existing accounts in your organization, execute the [SHOW REGIONS](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/show-regions) command. For information about when you might need to specify region group, see [Region groups](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html#label-region-groups). External changes for this field won't be detected. In case you want to apply external changes, you can re-create the resource manually using "terraform taint".

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_organization_account.example '"<account_name>"'
```
