---
page_title: "snowflake_password_policy Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  A password policy specifies the requirements that must be met to create and reset a password to authenticate to Snowflake.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

!> **Note** According to Snowflake [docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/drop-password-policy#usage-notes), a password policy cannot be dropped successfully if it is currently assigned to another object. Currently, the provider does not unassign such objects automatically. Before dropping the resource, first unassign the policy from the relevant objects. See [guide](../guides/unassigning_policies) for more details.

# snowflake_password_policy (Resource)

A password policy specifies the requirements that must be met to create and reset a password to authenticate to Snowflake.

## Example Usage

```terraform
## Minimal
resource "snowflake_password_policy" "basic" {
  database = "database_name"
  schema   = "schema_name"
  name     = "password_policy_name"
}

## Complete (with every optional set)
resource "snowflake_password_policy" "complete" {
  database             = "database_name"
  schema               = "schema_name"
  name                 = "password_policy_name"
  min_length           = 10
  max_length           = 30
  min_upper_case_chars = 2
  min_lower_case_chars = 3
  min_numeric_chars    = 4
  min_special_chars    = 5
  min_age_days         = 1
  max_age_days         = 30
  max_retries          = 3
  lockout_time_mins    = 30
  history              = 5
  comment              = "My password policy"
}
```

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database this password policy belongs to. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `name` (String) Identifier for the password policy; must be unique for your account. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `schema` (String) The schema this password policy belongs to. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Adds a comment or overwrites an existing comment for the password policy.
- `history` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the number of the most recent passwords that Snowflake stores. These stored passwords cannot be repeated when a user updates their password value. The current password value does not count towards the history. When you increase the history value, Snowflake saves the previous values. When you decrease the value, Snowflake saves the stored values up to that value that is set. For example, if the history value is 8 and you change the history value to 3, Snowflake stores the most recent 3 passwords and deletes the 5 older password values from the history. Default: 5. Max: 24
- `if_not_exists` (Boolean, Deprecated) (Default: `false`) Prevent overwriting a previous password policy with the same name.
- `lockout_time_mins` (Number) Specifies the number of minutes the user account will be locked after exhausting the designated number of password retries (i.e. PASSWORD_MAX_RETRIES). Supported range: 1 to 999, inclusive. Default: 15
- `max_age_days` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the maximum number of days before the password must be changed. Supported range: 0 to 999, inclusive. A value of zero (i.e. 0) indicates that the password does not need to be changed. Default: 90
- `max_length` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of characters the password must contain. This number must be greater than or equal to the sum of PASSWORD_MIN_LENGTH, PASSWORD_MIN_UPPER_CASE_CHARS, and PASSWORD_MIN_LOWER_CASE_CHARS. Supported range: 8 to 256, inclusive. Default: 256
- `max_retries` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of attempts to enter a password before being locked out. Supported range: 1 to 10, inclusive. Default: 5
- `min_age_days` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the number of days the user must wait before a recently changed password can be changed again. Supported range: 0 to 999, inclusive. Default: 0
- `min_length` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of characters the password must contain. Supported range: 8 to 256, inclusive. Default: 14
- `min_lower_case_chars` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the minimum number of lowercase characters the password must contain. Supported range: 0 to 256, inclusive. Default: 1
- `min_numeric_chars` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the minimum number of numeric characters the password must contain. Supported range: 0 to 256, inclusive. Default: 1
- `min_special_chars` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the minimum number of special characters the password must contain. Supported range: 0 to 256, inclusive. Default: 0
- `min_upper_case_chars` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the minimum number of uppercase characters the password must contain. Supported range: 0 to 256, inclusive. Default: 1
- `or_replace` (Boolean, Deprecated) (Default: `false`) Whether to override a previous password policy with the same name.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE PASSWORD POLICY` for the given password policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW PASSWORD POLICIES` for the given password policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `password_history` (Number)
- `password_lockout_time_mins` (Number)
- `password_max_age_days` (Number)
- `password_max_length` (Number)
- `password_max_retries` (Number)
- `password_min_age_days` (Number)
- `password_min_length` (Number)
- `password_min_lower_case_chars` (Number)
- `password_min_numeric_chars` (Number)
- `password_min_special_chars` (Number)
- `password_min_upper_case_chars` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `options` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_password_policy.example '"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<password_policy_name>"'
```
