---
page_title: "snowflake_postgres_instance Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage Postgres instance objects. For more information, check Postgres instance documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-postgres-instance.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

-> **Note** Postgres instance operations (create, update, delete) can take significantly longer than the default provider timeout values. If you encounter timeout errors, use a [`timeouts` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework/resources/timeouts) to set higher limits for your environment.

# snowflake_postgres_instance (Resource)

Resource used to manage Postgres instance objects. For more information, check [Postgres instance documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-postgres-instance).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# basic resource
resource "snowflake_postgres_instance" "basic" {
  name                     = "my_postgres_instance"
  compute_family           = "STANDARD_M"
  storage_size_gb          = 10
  authentication_authority = "POSTGRES"
}

# with custom timeouts (postgres operations can take longer than the defaults)
resource "snowflake_postgres_instance" "with_timeouts" {
  name                     = "my_postgres_instance"
  compute_family           = "STANDARD_M"
  storage_size_gb          = 10
  authentication_authority = "POSTGRES"

  timeouts {
    create = "30m"
    update = "30m"
    delete = "30m"
    read   = "10m"
  }
}

# complete resource
resource "snowflake_postgres_instance" "complete" {
  name                     = "my_postgres_instance_complete"
  compute_family           = "STANDARD_M"
  storage_size_gb          = 10
  authentication_authority = "POSTGRES_OR_SNOWFLAKE"
  postgres_version         = 16
  network_policy           = "my_network_policy"
  storage_integration      = "my_storage_integration"
  high_availability        = "true"
  postgres_settings        = "{\"max_connections\": 100}"
  maintenance_window_start = 8
  comment                  = "My Postgres instance"
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_authority` (String) Specifies the authentication authority for the Postgres instance. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `POSTGRES` | `POSTGRES_OR_SNOWFLAKE`.
- `compute_family` (String) Specifies the compute family for the Postgres instance. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `STANDARD_M` | `STANDARD_L` | `STANDARD_XL` | `STANDARD_2XL` | `STANDARD_4XL` | `STANDARD_8XL` | `STANDARD_12XL` | `STANDARD_24XL` | `HIGHMEM_L` | `HIGHMEM_XL` | `HIGHMEM_2XL` | `HIGHMEM_4XL` | `HIGHMEM_8XL` | `HIGHMEM_12XL` | `HIGHMEM_16XL` | `HIGHMEM_24XL` | `HIGHMEM_32XL` | `HIGHMEM_48XL` | `BURST_XS` | `BURST_S` | `BURST_M`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the Postgres instance; must be unique for your account. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `postgres_version` (Number) Specifies the Postgres version for the instance. Note that Snowflake does not allow downgrading; the version can only be upgraded.
- `storage_size_gb` (Number) Specifies the storage size in GB for the Postgres instance.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the Postgres instance.
- `high_availability` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Specifies whether the Postgres instance should be configured for high availability. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `maintenance_window_start` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the hour (0-23 UTC) at which the maintenance window starts.
- `network_policy` (String) Specifies the network policy to associate with the Postgres instance.
- `postgres_settings` (String) Specifies custom Postgres settings as a JSON string.
- `storage_integration` (String) Specifies the storage integration for the Postgres instance.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE POSTGRES INSTANCE` for the given Postgres instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW POSTGRES INSTANCES` for the given Postgres instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_authority` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `compute_family` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `high_availability` (Boolean)
- `host` (String)
- `maintenance_window_start` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `network_policy` (String)
- `origin` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `postgres_settings` (String)
- `postgres_version` (Number)
- `privatelink_service_identifier` (String)
- `retention_time` (Number)
- `state` (String)
- `storage_integration` (String)
- `storage_size_gb` (Number)
- `type` (String)
- `updated_on` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_authority` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `compute_family` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `is_ha` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `origin` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `postgres_settings` (String)
- `postgres_version` (String)
- `privatelink_service_identifier` (String)
- `retention_time` (Number)
- `state` (String)
- `storage_size` (Number)
- `type` (String)
- `updated_on` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_postgres_instance.example '"<postgres_instance_name>"'
```

Note: Snowflake is not returning all information needed to populate the state correctly after import (e.g. data types with attributes like NUMBER(32, 10) are returned as NUMBER, default values for arguments are not returned at all).
Also, `ALTER` for functions is very limited so most of the attributes on this resource are marked as force new. Because of that, in multiple situations plan won't be empty after importing and manual state operations may be required.
