---
page_title: "snowflake_semantic_view Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage semantic views. For more information, check semantic views documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-semantic-view.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

<!-- TODO(SNOW-2344309): address follow ups in semantic view SDK and resource -->
-> **Note** The `snowflake_semantic_view` resource currently does not handle external changes. It will be added during the resource rework.

-> **Note** Object renaming is currently not supported. It will be added during resource rework.

-> **Note** Copy Grants is currently not supported. It will be added during resource rework.

-> **Note** Lowercase IDs are not currently supported. It will be added during resource rework.

-> **Note** PRIVATE/ PUBLIC qualifiers for semantic expressions are not currently supported. They are treated as PUBLIC by default. It will be added during resource rework.

-> **Note** Excluding dimensions in `window_function:over_clause:partition_by` clause is not currently supported. It will be added during resource rework.

-> **Note** The `window_function:over_clause:order_by` clause must be a complete SQL expression, including any `[ ASC | DESC ] [ NULLS { FIRST | LAST } ]` modifiers. Support to break it down will be added during resource rework.

# snowflake_semantic_view (Resource)

Resource used to manage semantic views. For more information, check [semantic views documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-semantic-view).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
#basic resource
resource "snowflake_semantic_view" "basic" {
  database = "DATABASE"
  schema = "SCHEMA"
  name = "SEMANTIC_VIEW"
  tables {
    table_name = "TABLE_NAME"
  }
  metrics {
    semantic_expression {
      qualified_expression_name = "TABLE_NAME.METRIC_NAME"
      sql_expression = "SQL_EXPRESSION"
    }
  }
}

# complete resource
resource "snowflake_semantic_view" "complete" {
  database = "DATABASE"
  schema = "SCHEMA"
  name = "SEMANTIC_VIEW"
  comment = "comment"
  tables {
    comment = "comment"
    primary_key = ["COL1"]
    unique = ["COL2"]
    table_alias = "TABLE_ALIAS"
    table_name = "TABLE_NAME"
    synonym = ["synonym", "synonym"]
  }
  tables {
    comment = "comment"
    primary_key = ["COL1"]
    unique = ["COL2"]
    table_alias = "TABLE_ALIAS"
    table_name = "TABLE_NAME"
    synonym = ["synonym"]
  }
  relationships {
    relationship_identifier = "RELATIONSHIP_NAME"
    table_name_or_alias {
      table_alias = "TABLE_ALIAS"
    }
    relationship_columns = ["COL1", "COL2"]
    referenced_table_name_or_alias {
      table_alias = "TABLE_ALIAS"
    }
    referenced_relationship_columns = ["COL1", "COL2"]
  }
  facts {
    comment = "comment"
    qualified_expression_name = "TABLE_ALIAS.FACT_NAME"
    sql_expression = "SQL_EXPRESSION"
    synonym = ["synonym"]
  }
  dimensions {
    comment = "comment"
    qualified_expression_name = "TABLE_ALIAS.DIMENSION_NAME"
    sql_expression = "SQL_EXPRESSION"
    synonym = ["synonym"]
  }
  metrics {
    semantic_expression {
      comment = "comment"
      qualified_expression_name = "TABLE_ALIAS.METRIC_NAME"
      sql_expression = "SQL_EXPRESSION"
      synonym = ["synonym"]
    }
  }
  metrics {
    window_function {
      metric = "METRIC_EXPRESSION"
      over_clause {
        partition_by = "PARTITION_CLAUSE"
        order_by = "ORDER_BY_CLAUSE"
        window_frame_clause = "WINDOW_FRAME_CLAUSE"
      }
      window_function = "ALIAS.WINDOW_FUNCTION_NAME"
    }
  }
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the semantic view. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the semantic view; must be unique within the schema. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the semantic view. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `tables` (Block List, Min: 1) The list of logical tables in the semantic view. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tables))

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the semantic view.
- `dimensions` (Block List) The list of dimensions in the semantic view. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dimensions))
- `facts` (Block List) The list of facts in the semantic view. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--facts))
- `metrics` (Block List) Specify a list of metrics for the semantic view. Each metric can have either a semantic expression or a window function in its definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metrics))
- `relationships` (Block List) The list of relationships between the logical tables in the semantic view. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--relationships))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE SEMANTIC VIEW` for the given semantic view. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW SEMANTIC VIEWS` for the given semantic view. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables`

Required:

- `table_name` (String) Specifies an identifier for the logical table. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the logical table.
- `primary_key` (List of String) Definitions of primary keys in the logical table.
- `synonym` (Set of String) List of synonyms for the logical table.
- `table_alias` (String) Specifies an alias for a logical table in the semantic view.
- `unique` (Block List) Definitions of unique key combinations in the logical table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tables--unique))

<a id="nestedblock--tables--unique"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.unique`

Required:

- `values` (List of String) Unique key combinations in the logical table



<a id="nestedblock--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dimensions`

Required:

- `qualified_expression_name` (String) Specifies a qualified name for the dimension, including the table name and a unique identifier for the dimension.
- `sql_expression` (String) The SQL expression used to compute the dimension.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the dimension.
- `synonym` (Set of String) List of synonyms for the dimension.


<a id="nestedblock--facts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `facts`

Required:

- `qualified_expression_name` (String) Specifies a qualified name for the fact, including the table name and a unique identifier for the fact.
- `sql_expression` (String) The SQL expression used to compute the fact.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the fact.
- `synonym` (Set of String) List of synonyms for the fact.


<a id="nestedblock--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics`

Optional:

- `semantic_expression` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies a semantic expression for a metric definition.Cannot be used in combination with a window function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metrics--semantic_expression))
- `window_function` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies a window function for a metric definition.Cannot be used in combination with a semantic expression. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metrics--window_function))

<a id="nestedblock--metrics--semantic_expression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics.semantic_expression`

Required:

- `qualified_expression_name` (String) Specifies a name for the semantic expression
- `sql_expression` (String) The SQL expression used to compute the metric.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the semantic expression.
- `synonym` (Set of String) List of synonyms for this semantic expression.


<a id="nestedblock--metrics--window_function"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics.window_function`

Required:

- `metric` (String) Specifies a metric expression for this window function.
- `over_clause` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specify the partition by, order by or frame over which the window function is to be computed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metrics--window_function--over_clause))
- `window_function` (String) Specifies a name for the window function.

<a id="nestedblock--metrics--window_function--over_clause"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics.window_function.over_clause`

Optional:

- `order_by` (String) Specifies an order by clause
- `partition_by` (String) Specifies a partition by clause
- `window_frame_clause` (String) Specifies a window frame clause




<a id="nestedblock--relationships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationships`

Required:

- `referenced_table_name_or_alias` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specifies the other logical table and one or more of its columns that are referred to by the first logical table.Each referenced table can have either a table_name or a table_alias, not both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--relationships--referenced_table_name_or_alias))
- `relationship_columns` (List of String) Specifies one or more columns in the first logical table that refers to columns in another logical table.
- `table_name_or_alias` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specifies one of the logical tables that refers to columns in another logical table.Each table can have either a table_name or a table_alias, not both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--relationships--table_name_or_alias))

Optional:

- `referenced_relationship_columns` (List of String) Specifies one or more columns in the second logical table that are referred to by the first logical table.
- `relationship_identifier` (String) Specifies an optional identifier for the relationship.

<a id="nestedblock--relationships--referenced_table_name_or_alias"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationships.referenced_table_name_or_alias`

Optional:

- `table_alias` (String) The alias used for the logical table, cannot be used in combination with the table_name
- `table_name` (String) The name of the logical table, cannot be used in combination with the table_alias


<a id="nestedblock--relationships--table_name_or_alias"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationships.table_name_or_alias`

Optional:

- `table_alias` (String) The alias used for the logical table, cannot be used in combination with the table_name
- `table_name` (String) The name of the logical table, cannot be used in combination with the table_alias



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `object_kind` (String)
- `object_name` (String)
- `parent_entity` (String)
- `property` (String)
- `property_value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `extension` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_semantic_view.example '"<db_name>"."<schema_name>"."<semantic_view_name>"'
```
