---
page_title: "snowflake_session_policy Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage session policy objects. For more information, check session policy documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-session-policy.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_session_policy (Resource)

Resource used to manage session policy objects. For more information, check [session policy documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-session-policy).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
## Minimal
resource "snowflake_session_policy" "basic" {
  database = "database_name"
  schema   = "schema_name"
  name     = "session_policy_name"
}

## Complete (with every optional set)
resource "snowflake_session_policy" "complete" {
  database                     = "database_name"
  schema                       = "schema_name"
  name                         = "session_policy_name"
  session_idle_timeout_mins    = 60
  session_ui_idle_timeout_mins = 60
  allowed_secondary_roles {
    roles = ["ROLE_A", "ROLE_B"]
  }
  blocked_secondary_roles {
    roles = ["ROLE_C", "ROLE_D"]
  }
  comment = "My session policy"
}

## Secondary roles using all / none
resource "snowflake_session_policy" "secondary_roles_all_none" {
  database = "database_name"
  schema   = "schema_name"
  name     = "session_policy_name"

  allowed_secondary_roles {
    all = true
  }
  blocked_secondary_roles {
    none = true
  }
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database in which to create the session policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the session policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the session policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `allowed_secondary_roles` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies the allowed secondary roles for a session policy, if any. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_secondary_roles))
- `blocked_secondary_roles` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies the blocked secondary roles for a session policy, if any. Blocked secondary roles take precedence over allowed secondary roles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--blocked_secondary_roles))
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the session policy.
- `session_idle_timeout_mins` (Number) For Snowflake clients and programmatic clients, specifies the number of minutes in which a session can be idle before users must authenticate to Snowflake again.
- `session_ui_idle_timeout_mins` (Number) For Snowsight, specifies the number of minutes in which a session can be idle before users must authenticate to Snowflake again.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE SESSION POLICY` for this session policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW SESSION POLICIES` for this session policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--allowed_secondary_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_secondary_roles`

Optional:

- `all` (Boolean) When true, allows all secondary roles.
- `none` (Boolean) When true, disallows all secondary roles.
- `roles` (Set of String) Specifies roles to be allowed as secondary roles.


<a id="nestedblock--blocked_secondary_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `blocked_secondary_roles`

Optional:

- `all` (Boolean) When true, disallows all secondary roles.
- `none` (Boolean) When true, allows all secondary roles.
- `roles` (Set of String) Specifies roles to be blocked as secondary roles.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_secondary_roles` (List of String)
- `blocked_secondary_roles` (List of String)
- `comment` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `session_idle_timeout_mins` (Number)
- `session_ui_idle_timeout_mins` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `options` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_session_policy.example '"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<session_policy_name>"'
```
