---
page_title: "snowflake_storage_lifecycle_policy Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage storage lifecycle policy objects. For more information, check storage lifecycle policy documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-storage-lifecycle-policy.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_storage_lifecycle_policy (Resource)

Resource used to manage storage lifecycle policy objects. For more information, check [storage lifecycle policy documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-storage-lifecycle-policy).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
## Minimal
resource "snowflake_storage_lifecycle_policy" "basic" {
  database = "database_name"
  schema   = "schema_name"
  name     = "storage_lifecycle_policy_name"
  argument {
    name = "VAL"
    type = "VARCHAR"
  }
  body = "LENGTH(VAL) > 0"
}

## Complete
resource "snowflake_storage_lifecycle_policy" "complete" {
  database = "database_name"
  schema   = "schema_name"
  name     = "storage_lifecycle_policy_name"
  argument {
    name = "VAL"
    type = "VARCHAR"
  }
  argument {
    name = "CREATED_AT"
    type = "TIMESTAMP_NTZ"
  }
  body             = "LENGTH(VAL) > 0"
  archive_tier     = "COLD"
  archive_for_days = 365
  comment          = "My storage lifecycle policy"
}
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `argument` (Block List, Min: 1) List of the arguments for the storage lifecycle policy. A signature specifies a set of attributes that must be considered to determine whether the row is ready for expiration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--argument))
- `body` (String) Specifies the SQL expression. The expression can be any boolean-valued SQL expression. To mitigate permadiff on this field, the provider replaces blank characters with a space. This can lead to false positives in cases where a change in case or run of whitespace is semantically significant.
- `database` (String) The database in which to create the storage lifecycle policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the storage lifecycle policy; must be unique for the database and schema in which the storage lifecycle policy is created. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `schema` (String) The schema in which to create the storage lifecycle policy. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `archive_for_days` (Number) Specifies the number of days to keep rows that match the policy expression in archive storage. If set, Snowflake moves the data into archive storage according to the value you select for archive_tier. If unset, Snowflake expires the rows from the table without archiving the data.
- `archive_tier` (String) Specifies the type of storage tier to use for archiving rows. After you set the ARCHIVE_TIER for a policy, you can’t modify it. If you don’t specify this parameter, the policy is an expiration policy that deletes rows without archiving them. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `COOL` | `COLD`.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the storage lifecycle policy.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE STORAGE LIFECYCLE POLICY` for the given storage lifecycle policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW STORAGE LIFECYCLE POLICIES` for the given storage lifecycle policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--argument"></a>
### Nested Schema for `argument`

Required:

- `name` (String) The argument name.
- `type` (String) The argument type. VECTOR data types are not yet supported. For more information about data types, check [Snowflake docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/intro-summary-data-types).


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `archive_for_days` (Number)
- `archive_tier` (String)
- `body` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `return_type` (String)
- `signature` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--describe_output--signature))

<a id="nestedobjatt--describe_output--signature"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output.signature`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `database_name` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `options` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_storage_lifecycle_policy.example '"<database_name>"."<schema_name>"."<storage_lifecycle_policy_name>"'
```
