---
page_title: "snowflake_storage_integration_gcs Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage GCS storage integration objects. For more information, check storage integration documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-storage-integration.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_storage_integration_gcs (Resource)

Resource used to manage GCS storage integration objects. For more information, check [storage integration documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-storage-integration).

## Example Usage

-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

```terraform
# minimal
resource "snowflake_storage_integration_gcs" "minimal" {
  name                      = "example_gcs_storage_integration"
  enabled                   = true
  storage_allowed_locations = ["gcs://mybucket1/path1"]
}

# TODO [next PR]: add all fields example
# all fields
```

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether this storage integration is available for usage in stages. `TRUE` allows users to create new stages that reference this integration. Existing stages that reference this integration function normally. `FALSE` prevents users from creating new stages that reference this integration. Existing stages that reference this integration cannot access the storage location in the stage definition.
- `name` (String) String that specifies the identifier (i.e. name) for the integration; must be unique in your account. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.
- `storage_allowed_locations` (Set of String) Explicitly limits external stages that use the integration to reference one or more storage locations.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the storage integration.
- `storage_blocked_locations` (Set of String) Explicitly prohibits external stages that use the integration from referencing one or more storage locations.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `describe_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `DESCRIBE STORAGE INTEGRATION` for the given storage integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--describe_output))
- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW STORAGE INTEGRATIONS` for the given storage integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--describe_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `describe_output`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_locations` (List of String)
- `blocked_locations` (List of String)
- `comment` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `id` (String)
- `provider` (String)
- `service_account` (String)
- `use_privatelink_endpoint` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `storage_type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_storage_integration_gcs.example '"<storage_integration_name>"'
```
