---
page_title: "snowflake_warehouse_adaptive Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage adaptive warehouse objects. Adaptive warehouses automatically scale compute resources based on workload. For more information, check adaptive warehouse documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/LIMITEDACCESS/adaptive-warehouses.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

-> **Note** Detecting external changes to the warehouse type is not yet supported.

# snowflake_warehouse_adaptive (Resource)

Resource used to manage adaptive warehouse objects. Adaptive warehouses automatically scale compute resources based on workload. For more information, check [adaptive warehouse documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/LIMITEDACCESS/adaptive-warehouses).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Basic adaptive warehouse (only required fields)
resource "snowflake_warehouse_adaptive" "basic" {
  name = "my_adaptive_warehouse"
}

# Complete adaptive warehouse (all fields set)
resource "snowflake_warehouse_adaptive" "complete" {
  name                                = "my_adaptive_warehouse_complete"
  comment                             = "My adaptive warehouse with all options set"
  max_query_performance_level         = "MEDIUM"
  query_throughput_multiplier         = 1
  statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds = 30
  statement_timeout_in_seconds        = 3600
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Identifier for the adaptive warehouse; must be unique for your account. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the adaptive warehouse.
- `max_query_performance_level` (String) Specifies the maximum query performance level for the adaptive warehouse. Determines the initial compute capacity. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `XSMALL` | `SMALL` | `MEDIUM` | `LARGE` | `XLARGE` | `XXLARGE` | `XXXLARGE` | `X4LARGE`.
- `query_throughput_multiplier` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the query throughput multiplier for the adaptive warehouse.
- `statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds` (Number) Object parameter that specifies the time, in seconds, a SQL statement (query, DDL, DML, etc.) can be queued on a warehouse before it is canceled by the system.
- `statement_timeout_in_seconds` (Number) Specifies the time, in seconds, after which a running SQL statement (query, DDL, DML, etc.) is canceled by the system.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `parameters` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW PARAMETERS IN WAREHOUSE` for the given adaptive warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW WAREHOUSES` for the given adaptive warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Read-Only:

- `statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds))
- `statement_timeout_in_seconds` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_timeout_in_seconds))

<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_timeout_in_seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.statement_timeout_in_seconds`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `auto_resume` (Boolean)
- `available` (Number)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `is_current` (Boolean)
- `is_default` (Boolean)
- `max_query_performance_level` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `other` (Number)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `provisioning` (Number)
- `query_throughput_multiplier` (Number)
- `queued` (Number)
- `quiescing` (Number)
- `resource_monitor` (String)
- `resumed_on` (String)
- `running` (Number)
- `state` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `updated_on` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_warehouse_adaptive.example '"<warehouse_name>"'
```
