---
page_title: "snowflake_warehouse_interactive Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  Resource used to manage interactive warehouse objects. Interactive warehouses are optimized for low-latency, high-concurrency queries against a defined set of tables. For more information, check interactive warehouse documentation https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-interactive.
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_warehouse_interactive (Resource)

Resource used to manage interactive warehouse objects. Interactive warehouses are optimized for low-latency, high-concurrency queries against a defined set of tables. For more information, check [interactive warehouse documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-interactive).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Basic interactive warehouse (only required fields)
resource "snowflake_warehouse_interactive" "basic" {
  name = "my_interactive_warehouse"
}

# Complete interactive warehouse (all fields set)
resource "snowflake_warehouse_interactive" "complete" {
  name                = "my_interactive_warehouse_complete"
  comment             = "My interactive warehouse with all options set"
  warehouse_size      = "XSMALL"
  max_cluster_count   = 2
  min_cluster_count   = 1
  auto_suspend        = 86400
  auto_resume         = "true"
  initially_suspended = true
  resource_monitor    = snowflake_resource_monitor.monitor.fully_qualified_name
  fallback_warehouse  = snowflake_warehouse.fallback.fully_qualified_name
  tables = [
    "\"MY_DB\".\"MY_SCHEMA\".\"MY_TABLE_1\"",
    "\"MY_DB\".\"MY_SCHEMA\".\"MY_TABLE_2\"",
  ]
  max_concurrency_level               = 8
  statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds = 30
  statement_timeout_in_seconds        = 5
}
```
-> **Note** Instead of using fully_qualified_name, you can reference objects managed outside Terraform by constructing a correct ID, consult [identifiers guide](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#new-computed-fully-qualified-name-field-in-resources).
<!-- TODO(SNOW-1634854): include an example showing both methods-->

-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

## Interactive warehouse limitations

Interactive warehouses differ from standard warehouses in a few ways that affect how this resource behaves:

- `auto_suspend` has a Snowflake-enforced minimum for interactive warehouses (currently `86400` seconds). The provider does not validate this on the client side (the limit is server-side and may change), so Snowflake will reject values below the current minimum at apply time.
- `tables` associations are applied incrementally with `ADD TABLES` / `DROP TABLES` (only the changed entries), rather than by re-associating the full set on every change.
- `fallback_warehouse` is managed via `SET` / `UNSET FALLBACK_WAREHOUSE` and read back from `SHOW PARAMETERS`, because it is exposed as a warehouse parameter rather than a `SHOW WAREHOUSES` column.
- Standard-warehouse-only properties (`scaling_policy`, `enable_query_acceleration`, `query_acceleration_max_scale_factor`, `resource_constraint`, `generation`) are intentionally omitted from the schema; configuring them yields a plan-time "unsupported argument" error.
- The warehouse type cannot be changed to or from `INTERACTIVE` with `ALTER`. If the underlying warehouse type changes externally, the only way to reconcile is to recreate the resource.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Identifier for the interactive warehouse; must be unique for your account. Due to technical limitations (read more [here](../guides/identifiers_rework_design_decisions#known-limitations-and-identifier-recommendations)), avoid using the following characters: `|`, `.`, `"`.

### Optional

- `auto_resume` (String) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`default`)) Specifies whether to automatically resume an interactive warehouse when a SQL statement (e.g. query) is submitted to it. Available options are: "true" or "false". When the value is not set in the configuration the provider will put "default" there which means to use the Snowflake default for this value.
- `auto_suspend` (Number) (Default: fallback to Snowflake default - uses special value that cannot be set in the configuration manually (`-1`)) Specifies the number of seconds of inactivity after which an interactive warehouse is automatically suspended.
- `comment` (String) Specifies a comment for the interactive warehouse.
- `fallback_warehouse` (String) Specifies the name of the fallback warehouse for the interactive warehouse. For more information about this resource, see [docs](./warehouse).
- `initially_suspended` (Boolean) Specifies whether the interactive warehouse is created initially in the ‘Suspended’ state.
- `max_cluster_count` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of server clusters for the interactive warehouse.
- `max_concurrency_level` (Number) Object parameter that specifies the concurrency level for SQL statements (i.e. queries and DML) executed by an interactive warehouse.
- `min_cluster_count` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of server clusters for the interactive warehouse (only applies to multi-cluster warehouses).
- `resource_monitor` (String) Specifies the name of a resource monitor that is explicitly assigned to the interactive warehouse. For more information about this resource, see [docs](./resource_monitor).
- `statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds` (Number) Object parameter that specifies the time, in seconds, a SQL statement (query, DDL, DML, etc.) can be queued on an interactive warehouse before it is canceled by the system.
- `statement_timeout_in_seconds` (Number) Specifies the time, in seconds, after which a running SQL statement (query, DDL, DML, etc.) is canceled by the system.
- `tables` (Set of String) Specifies the fully qualified names of the tables associated with the interactive warehouse. Changes are applied incrementally (ADD TABLES / DROP TABLES) rather than by full re-association.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `warehouse_size` (String) Specifies the size of the interactive warehouse. Valid values are (case-insensitive): `XSMALL` | `X-SMALL` | `SMALL` | `MEDIUM` | `LARGE` | `XLARGE` | `X-LARGE` | `XXLARGE` | `X2LARGE` | `2X-LARGE` | `XXXLARGE` | `X3LARGE` | `3X-LARGE` | `X4LARGE` | `4X-LARGE` | `X5LARGE` | `5X-LARGE` | `X6LARGE` | `6X-LARGE`. Note: removing the size from config will result in the resource recreation.

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `parameters` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW PARAMETERS IN WAREHOUSE` for the given interactive warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `show_output` (List of Object) Outputs the result of `SHOW WAREHOUSES` for the given interactive warehouse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--show_output))
- `warehouse_type` (String) Specifies the type for the interactive warehouse. This field is used for checking external changes and recreating the resource if needed.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Read-Only:

- `fallback_warehouse` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--fallback_warehouse))
- `max_concurrency_level` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--max_concurrency_level))
- `statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds))
- `statement_timeout_in_seconds` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_timeout_in_seconds))

<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--fallback_warehouse"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.fallback_warehouse`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--max_concurrency_level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.max_concurrency_level`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.statement_queued_timeout_in_seconds`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--parameters--statement_timeout_in_seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.statement_timeout_in_seconds`

Read-Only:

- `default` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `level` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--show_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `show_output`

Read-Only:

- `auto_resume` (Boolean)
- `auto_suspend` (Number)
- `available` (Number)
- `comment` (String)
- `created_on` (String)
- `is_current` (Boolean)
- `is_default` (Boolean)
- `max_cluster_count` (Number)
- `min_cluster_count` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `other` (Number)
- `owner` (String)
- `owner_role_type` (String)
- `provisioning` (Number)
- `queued` (Number)
- `quiescing` (Number)
- `resource_monitor` (String)
- `resumed_on` (String)
- `running` (Number)
- `size` (String)
- `started_clusters` (Number)
- `state` (String)
- `tables` (List of String)
- `type` (String)
- `updated_on` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import snowflake_warehouse_interactive.example '"<warehouse_name>"'
```
