---
page_title: "snowflake_webhook_notification_integration Resource - terraform-provider-snowflake"
subcategory: "Preview"
description: |-
  
---

!> **Caution: Preview Feature** This feature is considered a preview feature in the provider, regardless of the state of the resource in Snowflake. We do not guarantee its stability. It will be reworked and marked as a stable feature in future releases. Breaking changes are expected, even without bumping the major version. To use this feature, add the relevant feature name to `preview_features_enabled` field in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/snowflakedb/snowflake/latest/docs#schema). Please always refer to the [Getting Help](https://github.com/snowflakedb/terraform-provider-snowflake?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-help) section in our Github repo to best determine how to get help for your questions.

# snowflake_webhook_notification_integration (Resource)





-> **Note** If a field has a default value, it is shown next to the type in the schema.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `webhook_url` (String) The URL of the webhook endpoint.

### Optional

- `comment` (String)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `webhook_body_template` (String) The body template for the webhook call. Must contain the placeholder SNOWFLAKE_WEBHOOK_MESSAGE.
- `webhook_headers` (Map of String) HTTP headers to include in the webhook call, expressed as a map of header name to header value.
- `webhook_secret` (String) Fully qualified name of the GENERIC_STRING secret ("database"."schema"."name") containing the webhook credentials.

### Read-Only

- `fully_qualified_name` (String) Fully qualified name of the resource. For more information, see [object name resolution](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/name-resolution).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
